In generated table summary, we have following data:

activity,current activity
tBodyAcc-mean()-X,mean value
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y,mean value
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z,mean value
tBodyAcc-std()-X,mean value
tBodyAcc-std()-Y,mean value
tBodyAcc-std()-Z,mean value
tGravityAcc-mean()-X,mean value
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y,mean value
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z,mean value
tGravityAcc-std()-X,mean value
tGravityAcc-std()-Y,mean value
tGravityAcc-std()-Z,mean value
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X,mean value
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y,mean value
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z,mean value
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X,mean value
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y,mean value
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z,mean value
tBodyGyro-mean()-X,mean value
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y,mean value
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z,mean value
tBodyGyro-std()-X,mean value
tBodyGyro-std()-Y,mean value
tBodyGyro-std()-Z,mean value
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X,mean value
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y,mean value
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z,mean value
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X,mean value
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y,mean value
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z,mean value
tBodyAccMag-mean(),mean value
tBodyAccMag-std(),mean value
tGravityAccMag-mean(),mean value
tGravityAccMag-std(),mean value
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean(),mean value
tBodyAccJerkMag-std(),mean value
tBodyGyroMag-mean(),mean value
tBodyGyroMag-std(),mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean(),mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std(),mean value
fBodyAcc-mean()-X,mean value
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y,mean value
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z,mean value
fBodyAcc-std()-X,mean value
fBodyAcc-std()-Y,mean value
fBodyAcc-std()-Z,mean value
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X,mean value
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y,mean value
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z,mean value
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X,mean value
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y,mean value
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z,mean value
fBodyGyro-mean()-X,mean value
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y,mean value
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z,mean value
fBodyGyro-std()-X,mean value
fBodyGyro-std()-Y,mean value
fBodyGyro-std()-Z,mean value
fBodyAccMag-mean(),mean value
fBodyAccMag-std(),mean value
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean(),mean value
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std(),mean value
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean(),mean value
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std(),mean value
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean(),mean value
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std(),mean value

P.S.

"The features selected for this database come from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. These time domain signals (prefix 't' to denote time) were captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz. Then they were filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise. Similarly, the acceleration signal was then separated into body and gravity acceleration signals (tBodyAcc-XYZ and tGravityAcc-XYZ) using another low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 0.3 Hz.",

"Subsequently, the body linear acceleration and angular velocity were derived in time to obtain Jerk signals (tBodyAccJerk-XYZ and tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ). Also the magnitude of these three-dimensional signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm (tBodyAccMag, tGravityAccMag, tBodyAccJerkMag, tBodyGyroMag, tBodyGyroJerkMag).",

"Finally a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) was applied to some of these signals producing fBodyAcc-XYZ, fBodyAccJerk-XYZ, fBodyGyro-XYZ, fBodyAccJerkMag, fBodyGyroMag, fBodyGyroJerkMag. (Note the 'f' to indicate frequency domain signals).",
